emily used to live in a home filled with
happiness both parents are very love her
she like most is playing hide-and-seek
every evening when the mother sued emily
to sleep will play this game
the door in the room will always be half
closed at 206 in the morning
david was startled to wake up but did
not see his wife lying beside
his wife a few hours ago that was normal
but now she was lying motionless in the
bath
david hugged his wife crying in pain he
didn't know that emily was standing
behind and witness all
the death of mother made a little girl
became more contemplative
she always blankly looking the scenery
far away from the window
as a psychologist david is very
sensitive
he guessed his dog atra had a problem so
david and emily moved to a suburban town
he wanted to change a new environment
for his daughter they have reached a
peaceful town
david is being introduced to the host he
just looked over
and then couldn't see emily everyone
went looking for her then they saw the
little girl look toward the small road
which led to the forest
at night david replaced her mother
coaxing to bed as usual
but emily did not interest with him
which makes david very sad
in the morning emily went back to the
small road yesterday
she went to the hillside and find a cave
she saw something that made her scared
to throw away the doll she loved best
when she got home david saw that there
is all mud under her shoes
by evening david found emily very
strange but she said she didn't like the
doll anymore
because she has a new friend named
charlie now but when david asked her who
charlie was
emily did not want to say anything else
david extremely suspicious
he thought that the man named charlie is
actually a friend who emily imagined
after being traumatized
later david found out that the doll
emily used to like best in the trash
with its face
was cut with large marks david was
surprised
how could his obedient daughter do
something like that at 206 in the
morning
david woke up from a nightmare he went
to the bathroom and saw the same image
as when his wife committed suicide
emily had stood there he asked her why
she did it
but emily didn't accept that she did it
she said it was charlie's making
david wanted to say something but
thinking about his daughter's recent
shock
he could only ignore it to help emily
make new friends
david specially invited his new friend
elizabeth and her niece
to come to his house elizabeth niece is
very active and agile
she also took the initiative to take her
doll out to play with emily
but emily distorted the face of the doll
then she warned the girl to leave now
or else she would get hurt at night
david is boiling water for preparing tea
he has only been two steps then he saw
boiling water pouring out
every strange thing happened to david
david went to emily's room
he saw his daughter not sleeping but
also giggled
she said she was just playing with
charlie but he was gone
david poked his head out the window to
look david couldn't open this window
before
making him think it was broke because of
too old now the window is opening
strangely
with emily's strength she definitely
can't be opened it
so david said to his daughter that he
wanted to meet with charlie
but emily said that charlie did not like
david to deny the request of him david
went downstairs
and recorded status changes of emily
after the dad go
emily continues playing hide and seek
with charlie
she went to the basement but still can't
find charlie
the light of the basement suddenly goes
out threatening emily to scream loudly
david ran to and found emily in the
basement he asked emily about what
happened
but she desperately replied to her
father that charlie has escaped
at night elizabeth visited again emily
realized she was intentional to her
father
emily is like becoming a different
person she dressed her mother old
clothes to claim her mother's
sovereignty
at dinner she actively told elizabeth
that her mother had committed suicide in
the bathroom
it makes the dinner ended in
unpleasantness david was waking
from nightmares again what's more
frightening is the scene of his wife's
suicide reappeared in the bathroom again
but the thing in the bath is his cat
david went to emily's room and he saw
that she was waiting for him
emily firstly said it was charlie's
doing she told david to trust her
david now has little baffled he left the
room david went back to the kitchen
to put the cat in the bag and buried it
under a tree in the yard
the next day david saw that emily's
illness had become more and more serious
he wants to talk properly about charlie
emily led her father to her room
preparing him to see charlie's true face
but david only saw paintings on the wall
david felt that relying on himself alone
wouldn't solve emily's problem
then he invited her former psychiatrist
named catherine to come and treat emily
after talking to emily catherine had
results she said emily's condition is a
bit serious and she hoped to bring emily
back to her home for further treatment
but david refused he wanted to observe
emily's situation for another two weeks
if that wasn't all right he would take
her to catherine's by himself
catherine did not say more and left at
night david quietly went to emily's room
he opened emily's diary and saw on the
corner of every page a small picture was
drawn
but when david combined them together it
was the scene of his wife committing
suicide in the bath
perhaps that incident had a great
influence on emily at this moment
emily suddenly appeared behind david
frantically turned to
leave he casually closed the door for
his daughter halfway
but emily told her dad to close the door
and act as if she didn't need the light
anymore
the next day elizabeth came to david's
house again
she wanted to ease her relationship with
emily while david was wearing his
headphone
she went directly to emily's room she
was playing hide and seek with charlie
when elizabeth opened the closet door
she seemed to have seen something
frightening
then she slipped down from the window
the police received news
and came david's house to investigate at
that time david was wearing his
headphones and taking notes so he said
he did not meet elizabeth
however emily also said she did not see
elizabeth here
after waiting for the police to leave
david asked emily again about this
her feelings are a bit unstable her hand
is holding an alarm clock
the clock is only 206 a.m now the truth
is gradually being revealed
what does 206 am mean who is the man
named charlie
david went to the bathtub and saw
elizabeth was there
he took out a flashlight in the kitchen
and stormed out looking for charlie's
whereabouts
now emily sneaked downstairs and called
catherine she expressed no desire to
play with charlie anymore
begging catherine to quickly come over
to pick her up
the neighbor found david extremely
urgent so he asked an elite situation
david wondered why that man cares about
his daughter and thought he was charlie
so david suddenly hit his neighbor with
a knife and quickly went his home and
closed the door
david hugged his daughter tightly and at
the same time said that no one can hurt
her
david looked over to the locker room
door david entered and saw
that his headphones and notebooks were
still in his pocket
not even a word on the notebook but
apparently he was still using it a few
days ago
at this moment in david's mind appeared
a few things
it turned out that david's nightmare
began at a party
that day he saw his wife cheating with
another man
david was extremely resentful which made
him kill his wife
but then he did not dare to believe
everything happened so he imagined
himself for one more personality
the person emily saw the cave was david
it was just then
that he made emily call him charlie
elizabeth was also pushed by david
doctors cannot cure themselves and
doctors can help people but cannot help
themselves
who would have thought that a
psychiatrist would have mental illness
the man woke up every day from 206 a.m
was david
the time when he slept to 206 a.m he was
charlie
that's why david saw that the kettle
boiled quickly actually during that time
charlie appeared
and went out with emily that's why he
has no memory of the time
moreover every time david wears his
headphones to take notes is when charlie
is active
but that also explains why there isn't a
single word on the notebook
because he never wrote he did not dare
to believe himself as charlie
so david hit and let charlie appear he
knocked out the neighbour interrogating
david
catherine received the call immediately
arrived there then he continued to play
hide and seek with emily
emily and catherine ran to the cave
before charlie stepped closer
emily begged charlie not to harm
katherine because catherine is her
friend
but her words added to charlie's
jealousy that made him feel he had to do
against emily's will
at that moment catherine suddenly
appeared and killed charlie who is david
as well
this nightmare is finally over let's
take a look at charlie's
motives this personality of david
appears when he learns that his wife
cheats and kills her
after his wife died he devoted all of
his love to his daughter
he was afraid that his daughter would
betray him like his wife
so he took too much control over her he
hopes emily has only one friend as him
not even a dollar cat cannot take his
position so before
emily chased the girl away actually
wanted to protect that girl
because emily understood if charlie knew
that little girl was very
likely to become the victim of him at
first she and charlie played happily
together
but later charlie's behavior became even
more extreme
so even if emily was scared she did not
dare to tell her father
because she thought that would probably
make charlie crazy so emily called
catherine over to pick her up
don't be in a hurry the movie isn't over
yet after everything was settled
catherine adopted emily however in
emily's drawings
we can see that she draw herself with
two heads so maybe emily is also two
personalities as well
if the father with two personalities and
the daughter also with two
this house must have four people in
total maybe these four people will
randomly meet each other the time
charlie appeared and met the fake emily
means
that the fake emily was a partner who
did crimes with charlie
but when charlie meets the real emily
the two of them will also play
hide-and-seek
actually in a movie we can also see
emily has a heterogeneous personality
the real emily was a cheerful she had to
leave the door open a little when she
slept
another emily forced her father to close
the door it was shown through the gloomy
drawings of the little girl and when she
was dressed in mother clothes
related to the fact that emily has two
personalities
one more detail is difficult to detect
that was after david was shot dead by
catherine emily cried but we could hear
that her sound liked an interrupted
laughter
if you don't believe please watch the
movie again the story here is the end
thank you for watching follow my page to
watch more film review